# Simple utils in C
> **IMPORTANT! This project is for recreational purposes and is a work in progress.**

This project is a collection of c utilities to solve some small needs when we are developing.
Some of these utilities are inspired by the [C++ standard libraries](https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/standard_library)
and the [Golang standard libraries](https://pkg.go.dev/std).

## Library list

- ***su_data_structures.h***: library with dynamic arrays, hash tables, linked list, binary trees, etc, implementations.
- ***su_flags.h***: library with functions to handle the program flags.
- ***su_show_memory.h***: library with functions to dhow the memory.
- ***su_string_view.h***: library with a string view implementation.
- ***su_testing.h***: library with functions to handle the testing.
- ***su_vector.h***: library with functions to handle a dynamic array.

## Build

This project provide a *Makefile* to help in the building process.

```shell
make
```

This *Makefile* generate the build folder with the headers and libraries.

```
build/
  ├─ include/
  │  ├── example.h
  │  ├── ...
  │
  └─ lib/
     ├── libsu.a
     └── libsu.so
```

## Project structure

This library is developed with the most common practices of the community.

```
simple-utils-in-c/
 ├── include/
 │   ├── example.h
 │   ├── ...
 │
 ├── src/
 │   ├── example.c
 │   ├── ...
 │   
 ├── test/
 │   ├── example/
 │   ├── ...
 │   
 └── Makefile
```

The *obj*, *build* and *docs* directories are autogenerated when you make a build of the library or documentation.

## Documentation
> **IMPORTANT! Not documented yet.**

Each library is documented in the declaration part of the header with comments.

To build the general documentation use [doxygen](https://www.doxygen.nl/), it is a common tool to generate documentation 
from annotated code sources (C, C++, PHP, Java, Python, etc).

```shell
doxygen
```
